Adding deployment on KintoHub documentation (#3943)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/guides/deployment/kintohub-one-click.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Deploy Hasura GraphQL engine in one-click on KintoHub
   :keywords: hasura, docs, guide, deployment, kintohub, one-click

> Hasura GraphQL engine in one-click on KintoHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hasura GraphQL engine one-click app on KintoHub
```

==============================================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

> The Hasura GraphQL engine is available in one-click on KintoHub. It is packed with a private `Postgres <https://www.postgresql.org/>`__ instance and secured with a free and automatic HTTPS certificate using `Let's Encrypt <https://letsencrypt.org/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hasura GraphQL engine is available as a one-click deployment on KintoHub. It comes with a private `Postgres <https://www.postgresql.org/>`__ instance and it is secured with a free and automatic HTTPS certificate using `Let's Encrypt <https://letsencrypt.org/>`__.
```

Quickstart
----------

> 1. Deploy your private Hasura and Postgres Database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy your Hasura instance including Postgres database
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Click the button below to deploy your Hasura GraphQL engine and Postgres instances in your private environment. (``Ctrl+Click`` to open in a new tab)

Reviewer: What does "in your private environment" mean?

Author: Added a link to our doc about environment.

> .. image:: https://resources.kintohub.com/deploybutton.png

Reviewer: I think we should add steps on how to actually start a deployment. After logging into KintoHub, it's not quite clear what to do, as there seem to be several options.

Author: You just need to click on the button.
If you are connected, it will automatically deploy hasura + postgres in your environment.
If you are not connected or do not have an account, then you must log in first and then it will automatically deploy the stack.

Reviewer: When I'm logged in and click on the button in the documentation, I see this:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5722022/77412600-62fa3500-6dbe-11ea-8006-e06e96fc1ba6.png)

Then I intuitively click on the `+` button, and see this:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5722022/77412730-90df7980-6dbe-11ea-8147-7c0844501174.png)

I'm not sure what to chose now and nothing is mentioned about Hasura, so it's not quite clear how to proceed.

Do you know what I mean?

Reviewer: I think some screenshots could really help here 🙂

Reviewer 2: @marionschleifer out of curiosity, what browser/OS are you using when you clicked on the deploy button. We were unable to repo:

1) be logged in to kintohub
2) click on the deploy button

Expected: Deploy hasura instantly
Actual: Land on overview page.

-- We are getting the Expected results, but it sounds like you were getting the Actual?

Reviewer 2: @marionschleifer out of curiosity, what browser/OS are you using when you clicked on the deploy button. We were unable to repo:

1) be logged in to kintohub
2) click on the deploy button

Expected: Deploy hasura instantly
Actual: Land on overview page.

-- We are getting the Expected results, but it sounds like you were getting the Actual?

   :width: 300px
   :alt: do_deploy_hasura_button
   :class: no-shadow
   :target: https://deploy.kintohub.com/hasura

The deployment will take ~1 minute.

2. Open console
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Once the deployment is done (green), you can access your Hasura Console by clicking on **Copy Url** and pasting the URL in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the deployment is done (green), you can access your Hasura console by clicking on **Copy Url** and pasting the URL in your browser.
```

> Once the deployment is done (green), you can access your Hasura Console by clicking on **Copy Url** and pasting the URL in your browser.

Reviewer: Can we be a bit more specific what exactly is green?

> Using migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using migrations
```

---------------

> For advanced use case or if you want to use Hasura migrations, you can use our KintoHub template available on `Github <https://github.com/kintohub/hasura-template>`__ and follow this `tutorial <https://blog.kintohub.com/git-ready-with-hasura-your-team-part-2-7-d0f9617cb8f2>`__.

Reviewer: What advanced use cases are meant here? If you mean Hasura migrations, the sentence can be `For advanced use cases like using Hasura migrations, ...`.

> For advanced use cases like using Hasura migrations, you can use our KintoHub template available on `Github <https://github.com/kintohub/hasura-template>`__ and follow this `tutorial <https://blog.kintohub.com/git-ready-with-hasura-your-team-part-2-7-d0f9617cb8f2>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For advanced use cases like using Hasura migrations, you can use the KintoHub template available on `Github <https://github.com/kintohub/hasura-template>`__ and follow this `tutorial <https://blog.kintohub.com/git-ready-with-hasura-your-team-part-2-7-d0f9617cb8f2>`__.
```

Adding your custom domain name
------------------------------

> If you own a domain, you can map it to your Hasura instance and get a free and automatic Let's Encrypt certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you own a domain, you can map it to your Hasura instance and get a free and automatic "Let's Encrypt" certificate.
```

1. Scroll down to the **kintoblocks** list.
2. Click on the cog next to your **hasura** kintoblock.
3. Type your custom domain name in the **Custom Domain** section and create a CNAME in your DNS (using the url provided).
4. Click **Done Configuring**.
5. Click **Deploy**.

Wait for the deployment to be successful.
Done!

> *Note: You can also check this quick video available on* `Youtube <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NPgdyGqACQ>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: You can also check this quick video available on* `Youtube <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NPgdyGqACQ>`__.
```

Troubleshooting
---------------

> Logs (top right) should be able to help you in most scenarios. If it doesn't, feel free to talk to us on `Discord <https://discordapp.com/invite/QVgqWuw>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs (display on the top right) should be able to help you in most scenarios. If it doesn't, feel free to talk to us on `Discord <https://discordapp.com/invite/QVgqWuw>`__.
```
